chore: Add link to supabase-kt repo in prep to archive the repo. (#15)
kevcodez/postgrest-kt: README.md

# Kotlin Client for PostgREST

> **Warning**

> > This repository is archived. Use [supabase-kt](https://github.com/supabase-community/supabase-kt) instead to use Supabase in your Android application.

Reviewer: Kotlin isn't exclusive for android, it can be used as a direct replacement for Java on the backend or even for native apps. The new kotlin lib is multiplatform, will rephrase tomorrow and merge 🙏

Author: I could rephrase it right now. Would something like this be more appropreate?

```suggestion
> This repository is archived. Use [supabase-kt](https://github.com/supabase-community/supabase-kt) instead to use Supabase in your Kotlin project.

```
